Welcome to the Yahoo Group dedicated to the TEN-TEC Model 506, the Rebel.

First, let me say Thank you to Richy Russo N2ZD for graciously owning and moderating this site. Richy has no affiliation with TEN-TEC other than he owns a few and is interested in keeping a place where people interested in TEN-TEC products can get information from other users, and where people who like to make the Rebel their own by adding features to it can come to discuss "how tos".

You will find a file folder titled TEN-TEC Repository.
That is the official posting location in this yahoo group for the TEN-TEC Model 506. It will contain files generated by and authorized by TEN-TEC as the official release of schematics, mpide project files for the source code, etc. Please, do use this folder to review TEN-TEC documentation, but do not post anything there. TEN-TEC has the official mirror copy of this entire folder at TEN-TEC in case anything gets deleted or unauthorized changes are made.

Feel free to use the "Files" section and "Links" section for any files or links, including code changes to add functions/features that others may be interested in, schematic changes that might add functionality or even corrections to either software or hardware. Post them, and TEN-TEC will review them for future inclusion into the official production release files.

This is a whole new concept for TEN-TEC, giving the customer the ability to change the product anyway he/she sees fit.

It follows the GNU GPL Public License for software, and the TAPR license for hardware/schematic/layouts.

TEN-TEC will answer questions related to the official released software projects, schematics, etc., but TEN-TEC doesn't have the resources to support thousands of software developers who have questions about how does function A work, etc. That is the real reason for this yahoo group, to help those who are curious about the rigs functions, those who want to make their own software perform other functions, e.g. someone may want to add a memory keyer to the code. Once completed, that person can post the project here for others to use, and TEN-TEC may actually include that in an authorized formal release in the future, time permitting.

TEN-TEC will service/support any Model 506 Rebel unit that fails when running authorized TEN-TEC project code. If the failure occurs using other customer projects, then we request that the authorized mpide project from TEN-TEC is utilized to determine first if it is a coding mistake or a true hardware failure.

This is exciting new ground, and we hope that customers who want to tinker with code embraces this.

There exist several add-ons in the market already.
e.g. TEN-TEC can recommend an LCD display that will plug into the chipKIT UNO32 connectors, and will give the customer a display for various functions. The first release of code from TEN-TEC already supports an LCD display, so no code is required to be changed to add the LCD display and display the frequency.

Many hardware hooks are already available for anyone to add features to. e.g. forward power, s-meter, etc.

This product is only limited by "tinkerers" imaginations.

Best Regards, and have fun

John Henry, KI4JPL
TEN-TEC Engineering